ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_cards.cards.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_cards.cards.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.account_nr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.bank_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_color - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_holder_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_order
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.created_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.currency
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.card_type - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.last_modified_by
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.user_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.encrypted_card_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.expiry_date
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.masked_card_number
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.payment_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.pin_status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.processing_system
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.product_type
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__avo_internal_cards.card.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__avo_internal_cards.card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.design_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.anti_ambush_balance - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_eligibility - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.digitization_rid - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2 - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_set_enabled_by_clerk
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_crypt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pan_key_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.mbr
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvki
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipvv
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emboss_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.print_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.pin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.ipin_block
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_change_pin_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_iclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_ilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_upilmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwdmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_updmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_dclmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_sng_tran_dmstlmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_funds_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_sng_tran_lmt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_vlp_reset_threshold
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.last_atc
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.is_domestic
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cvv2_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_pin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_ipin_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_cap_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.invalid_tds_enroll_tries_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_card_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_blocked
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track1_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.track2_dd
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.use_cap
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.tds_enrollment
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_amt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_lwlmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_total_cnt_uplmt2
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_app_capabilities
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_interface_enabling_switch
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.emv_cvm_limit
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.main_card_app_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.card_brand - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.contract_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.product_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.life_phase_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.kind
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.class_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.inst_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.branch_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ext_rid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.type_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.client_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.status
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.usage_restriction
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.risk_level
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.profile_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.main_ccy
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.is_resident
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.user_attrs
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_tran_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.create_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.activate_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.conclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.reconclusion_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.finish_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_usage_restr_change_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.close_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.notes
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.last_update_user_name
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.hash
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.ticklered_tran_cnt
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.my_entity_guid
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_contract.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.network_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.technology
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.emv_app_label
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_card_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.id
ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.dwh_job_id - ods__tranzaxis.avo_token_product.title
